will Canada raise interest rates to cool
down the housing bubble you came here
for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to discuss a few topics I'm
going to make this a quick video let's
get into it right away
beginning with this article out of
Bloomberg talking about what investors
are watching couple of things that I
wanted to note was that commodities
particularly gold and oil have risen
recently and oil still hovering just
over $50 a barrel gold at 1275 or so
these are what investors are looking at
right now the US and Russia relationship
obviously there is major tension going
on because of what has happened in Syria
then you put on top of that what's going
on in North Korea and then you have
everything with the South China Sea
things are looking very crazy right now
so that's giving a little bit of this
instability and as a result gold has
risen then you have central bank actions
so will Canada increase interest rates
well they're claiming based on what the
so called analysts and so-called
professionals will probably hold its
benchmark interest rate at 0.5% and I do
believe that they will do so I don't
think they want to slow down the housing
bubble at all that's the way that I see
it look if they wanted to do so they
have had many many chances to calm it
down it had increased housing had
increased 33 percent in the last year
that's absurd
33 percent in one year on housing
this isn't penny stocks we're talking
about real estate and so we have a clear
and obvious bubble the government hasn't
stepped in the government hasn't decided
to do anything based on this
particularly in Toronto we're seeing
those prices going that
look at what happened in Vancouver even
though you know we have seen a decline
because of the foreign tax
implementation it's still ridiculously
high I thought as if it crashed or
collapsed or anything and you know
there's more in here but essentially I
want to move on look for this to happen
I don't think if let's do it let me just
say by the time you watch this video the
meeting of the bank and may already have
happened I don't believe they will
increase their interest rates if they do
the increase will not be significant my
belief is that they want to continue the
bubble at least for this time marijuana
company soaring in the stock market may
tap bonds next many people have asked me
what my opinion is on the marijuana
stock should they get involved in it I
think it's sort of a new sector of the
way you want to look at it and in a way
it's sort of in commodities but you know
for example mining you don't look at it
as the object which they're minding its
traded more as a stock so remember that
that's the way it works but essentially
I think there's a lot of potential in it
just looking for the financial sense of
it all I think there is potential but a
lot of people what they generally do is
they read online and they choose one of
three of the biggest stocks in any
sector and they just put their money in
that's not how you invest in a stock if
you are interested in this type of
information check out my free eCourse
but if you want even more detail that's
in my first book in particular the money
GPS so check those out but I would check
out the free eCourse first and you can
see the video that I have about stocks
in there that'll give you some free info
and that's all I'm gonna say there's a
lot of potential here because of what's
happening the market seems to be opening
up the government's are opening up its
going to be legalized in Canada you have
what's hot
in Colorado in other areas there's a
future here that's all I'll say
hey in case you're interested your
abortion can be written off yes you can
write off pens and pencils and also your
abortion you can include in medical
expenses the amount you pay for the
illegal abortion just thought I throw
that in there this is directly from the
IRS website and also just on a side note
if you're interested on what exactly
you're able to write off use this link
Chinese firm haves workers cost by
hiring an army of robots to sort out 200
thousand packages a day this is crazy
you have to check out this video to see
it happen these things move around like
it's some sort of video game or
something and one individual is just
standing there putting the boxes on top
of these little robot things and then
they just go and do it her own thing
it's amazing to see them navigate and
they stop and they don't bump into each
other and everything else just amazing
to see and then of course I can't put
this in the description because then
YouTube may have something to say about
that but I can talk about it at least
for the time being
Vladimir Putin has sensationally claimed
that the u.s. is preparing airstrikes on
the Syrian capital and will pin the
blame on Assad's forces he said this
actually said it in his words Putin
himself not an advisor not anyone else
Putin himself we have information that a
similar provocation is being prepared in
other parts of Syria including the
southern Damascus suburbs where they are
planning again to plant some substance
and accuse the Syrian authorities of
using chemical weapons huge news
bombshell I don't know what's going to
happen but at any moment this could lead
to World War 3 if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
wanted to tell you right now that a lot
of people are either losing their
channels they're losing their ability
to monetize their channels which
essentially it hurts the content
creators for example the previous video
I did I spent over two hours putting
that together so I can give that for
free of course that's what I want to do
but the advertisements are a way to sort
of get some sort of payment that's just
the way it is and you don't have to
necessarily put in anything but the
advertisement sort of make up for that
and that's great however what has
happened even on the biggest channel on
YouTube a guy named PewDiePie he has
made almost nothing on his YouTube
channel because of the changes YouTube
has recently made I hope I really hope
that everything stays ok I have noticed
that you know it's basically my few
dollars that I make has declined even
further recently I just want to be able
to have this YouTube channel stay open
that's all I try to you know stay within
their guidelines and I know how to sort
of play the system a little bit and
hopefully with your support with your
encouragement that I continuously get
that this thing can keep going I always
have my website there the money GPS com
but YouTube is where the crowd is and
that's why I try to get on here and
hopefully this can continue I don't know
what's going on on YouTube but I'm a
little concerned so we'll see what
happens I appreciate all your support if
you found the video informative I know
you will find my books the money GPS and
global economic collapse even more
informative the new book is out that one
is about becoming self-sufficient it's
about the reducing your monthly expenses
and things like this basically the money
GPS strategy and then my first book
which is about the fourth asset classes
that has the historical data you need
and then of course how to profit from
all of that
so that's there but together they form
this synergy which is absolutely
incredible and I know that anybody that
have read both books will realize
exactly what I'm talking about so if you
want to flip through the books just go
over to Amazon where they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to do
that
take care